# Castlegate IT WP SEO Redux #

Simple SEO fields for titles, headings, and descriptions. Includes fields for taxonomies and an options page with SEO fields for the posts index and custom post type archives.

The title and description fields are displayed automatically using WordPress actions and filters. The heading must be added to the child theme, which can be done with the `cgit_seo_heading()` function:

~~~ php
<h1><?= cgit_seo_heading() ?></h1>
~~~

Requires [Advanced Custom Fields Pro](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/pro/).

## Filters ##

You can override the some of the settings using filters:

*   `cgit_seo_field_args` is the array of parameters used to define the ACF custom fields, including the field location(s).
*   `cgit_seo_post_types` is the array of post types that do have SEO fields.
*   `cgit_seo_post_types_hidden` is the array of post types that do not have SEO fields.
*   `cgit_seo_taxonomies` is the array of taxonomies that do have SEO fields.
*   `cgit_seo_taxonomies_hidden` is the array of taxonomies that do not have SEO fields.
*   `cgit_seo_options_page_args` is the array of parameters used to define the ACF custom fields on the options page, which includes the SEO fields for the posts index and the custom post type archives.
*   `cgit_seo_title` is the SEO title string.
*   `cgit_seo_description` is the SEO description string.
*   `cgit_seo_heading` is the SEO heading string.

## Yoast ##

If [Yoast](https://yoast.com/wordpress/plugins/seo/) is installed, SEO Redux will disable its fields and leave title and description editing to Yoast. In this case, the `cgit_seo_heading()` function will return the title generated by Yoast instead of the content of a separate heading field.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019 Castlegate IT. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
